Resolve syncing conflicts from repo_sync_working_branch to main (#14227)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-docs: docs/organizations/security/restrict-access.md

::: moniker range="azure-devops" 

### Limit user visibility

[!INCLUDE [project-scoped-users-warning](../../includes/project-scoped-users-warning.md)]

### Organizations and projects

> By default, users added to an organization can view all organization and project information and settings. You can restrict specific users, such as Stakeholders, Microsoft Entra users, or member sof a particular security group, with the **Limit user visibility and collaboration to specific projects** preview feature for the organization. Once the feature [gets turned on](#turn-on-the-preview-feature-and-add-users-to-the-security-group), any user or group that [gets added to the **Project-Scoped Users** group](#identity-search-and-selection) is restricted in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, users added to an organization can view all organization and project information and settings. You can restrict specific users, such as Stakeholders, Microsoft Entra users, or members of a particular security group, with the **Limit user visibility and collaboration to specific projects** preview feature for the organization. Once the feature [gets turned on](#turn-on-the-preview-feature-and-add-users-to-the-security-group), any user or group that [gets added to the **Project-Scoped Users** group](#identity-search-and-selection) is restricted in the following ways:
```
fixing spacing
